prisoner migs mayfeld is working on the
karton chop fields
and is remanded into the custody of
marshall carradune
the mandalorian needs mayfeld a former
imperial soldier
in order to acquire the coordinates to
moff gideon's ship
mayfeld directs them to a hidden
imperial rhodonium refinery on morocc
as all the others are known to imperial
security the mandalorian must accompany
mayfeld into the refinery to access a
terminal and steal the coordinates
mayfeld and the mandalorian hijack one
of the transports and disguise
themselves as soldiers
the highly explosive redonium shipments
are attacked by pirates
and the mandalorian is almost
overwhelmed fighting them off
[Music]
two imperial thai fighters swoop in and
kill the pirates
as they reach the facility the only
transport to survive
[Music]
the terminal mayfeld needs is in the
officer's mess hall
but mayfeld sees his former commanding
officer valon hass
and fears being recognized the
mandalorian goes instead but the
terminal requires a facial scan
forcing him to remove his helmet and
break the way of the mandalorian that he
lives by to acquire the codes
he is confronted by hess but mayfeld
intervenes
after a tense drink where hess callously
dismisses the imperial soldiers and
civilians who died in operation
cinderella and angered mayfield shoots
hes dead
mayfeld and the mandalorian fight their
way to the roof
[Music]
while fennec shand and dune provide
covering fire and boba fat arrives
aboard slavi mayfeld destroys the
refinery with
a well-placed sniper shot the ship is
pursued by two thai fighters
but fed obliterates them using a seismic
charge
dune lets mayfeld go free as thanks for
his aid and the mandalorian sends moff
gideon a threatening message
vowing to rescue grogo